there once was a young and foolish
dragon who came to ask the wise in
cutting my hands that acquire his
territory the lion he wasn't interested
so he told the little dragon the dragon
be persistent oh goody he started a war
as the lion took a little dragon for a
walk and put five bullets in his little
dragon head
it's warming up now isn't it there's a
message in there maybe you can explain
it to me
the young succeed the old
enjoy the show
it's gonna get messy
I forgot to wash my hands only one rule
in this jungle when the Lions hungry he
eats his name is for Huck was spelled
with a pH so it sounds like for hog lays
Khandava hoc bills
you